
--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:33:05 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:39:34 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:40:09 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:40:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:42:24 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:47:24 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:52:25 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:57:25 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:02:26 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:07:26 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:12:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:17:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:22:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:27:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:32:28 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:37:28 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:42:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:47:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:52:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:57:30 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:02:30 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:07:31 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:12:31 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:17:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:22:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:27:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:32:33 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:37:34 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:42:34 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:46:51 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:47:51 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:48:51 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:48:54 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:48:54 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:49:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:49:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:50:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:50:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:51:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:51:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:52:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:52:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:53:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:53:55 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:54:56 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:54:56 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:55:56 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:55:56 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:56:53 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:56:53 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:57:05 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:57:05 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:57:35 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:57:35 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:58:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:58:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:58:50 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:58:50 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 13:59:00 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:59:00 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:00:00 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:00:00 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:01:01 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:01:01 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:02:01 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:02:01 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:03:02 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:03:02 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:04:02 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:04:02 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:04:18 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:04:18 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:04:38 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:04:38 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:05:38 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:05:38 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:06:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:06:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:07:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:07:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:08:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:08:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:09:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:09:39 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:10:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:10:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:11:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:11:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:12:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:12:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:13:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:13:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:14:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:14:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:15:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:15:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:16:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:16:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:17:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:17:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:18:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:18:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:19:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:19:41 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:20:42 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:20:42 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:21:42 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:21:42 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:22:42 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:22:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:23:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:23:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:24:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:24:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:25:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:25:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:26:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:26:43 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:27:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:27:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:28:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:28:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:29:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:29:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:30:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:30:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:31:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:31:44 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:32:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:32:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:33:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:33:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:34:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:34:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:35:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:35:45 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:36:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:36:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:37:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:37:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:38:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:38:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:39:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:39:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:40:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:40:46 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:41:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:41:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:42:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:42:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:01:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:44:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:44:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:45:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:45:47 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:10:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:47:48 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:47:48 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:10:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 14:48:48 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 14:48:48 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:52:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:01:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 15:16:41 ---

  Issued:         (issued)
  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06525 at 2025-07-16 15:16:41 ---

  Issued:         (issued)
  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 1:59PM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 13:59:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-17 05:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 103.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...Until 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...Hot temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06525

--------------------------------------------------
