
--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:33:05 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:39:34 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:40:09 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:40:40 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:42:24 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:47:24 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:52:25 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 11:57:25 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:02:26 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:07:26 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:12:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:17:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:22:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:27:27 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:32:28 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:37:28 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:42:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:47:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:52:29 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 12:57:30 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:02:30 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:07:31 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:12:31 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:17:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:22:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------

--- Active Alerts for ZIP 06492 at 2025-07-16 13:27:32 ---

  Event:          Heat Advisory
  SAME:           NWS
  Headline:       Heat Advisory issued July 16 at 2:43AM EDT until July 17 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Upton NY
  NWSheadline:    HEAT ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 10 PM EDT THURSDAY
  Status:         Actual
  Severity:       Moderate
  MessageType:    Update
  Onset:          2025-07-16 11:00:00
  Effective:      2025-07-16 02:43:00
  Ends:           2025-07-17 22:00:00
  Expires:        2025-07-16 16:00:00
  Location:       Northern Fairfield; Northern New Haven; Northern Middlesex; Northern New London; Southern Fairfield; Southern New Haven; Southern Middlesex; Southern New London; Western Passaic; Eastern Passaic; Hudson; Western Bergen; Eastern Bergen; Western Essex; Eastern Essex; Western Union; Eastern Union; Orange; Putnam; Rockland; Northern Westchester; Southern Westchester; Northwest Suffolk; Southwest Suffolk; Northern Nassau; Southern Nassau
  Description:    Heat Advisory
  NWS_Description:* WHAT...Heat index values up to 100 expected.

* WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, northeast New Jersey,
and southeast New York.

* WHEN...From 11 AM this morning to 10 PM EDT Thursday.

* IMPACTS...High temperatures and high humidity may cause heat
illnesses.
  Monitored:      ZIP Code 06492

--------------------------------------------------
